Add example for iterative chatting with MLLMs (#45398)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/kv_cache.md

For iterative generation with a cache, start by initializing an empty cache class and then you can feed in your new prompts. Keep track of dialogue history with a [chat template](./chat_templating).

> The following example demonstrates [Llama-2-7b-chat-hf](https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Llama-2-7b-chat-hf). If you're using a different chat-style model, [`~PreTrainedTokenizer.apply_chat_template`] may process messages differently. It might cut out important tokens depending on how the Jinja template is written. In multimodal models we also need to keep track of processed images or audio, and you can find an example [here](./tasks/image_text_to_text.md#iterative-chatting-with-cache)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates [Llama-2-7b-chat-hf](https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Llama-2-7b-chat-hf). If you're using a different chat-style model, [`~PreTrainedTokenizer.apply_chat_template`] may process messages differently. It might cut out important tokens depending on how the Jinja template is written. For multimodal chat models, see the [iterative chatting with cache](./tasks/image_text_to_text.md#iterative-chatting-with-cache) guide for how to process images or audio.
```
